1. VisionInfantNet: Spectral image-based infant vocalization classification through transfer learning
2. The main contribution of this research is the development of the automatic classification of vocalization instances in the recordings of parent-infant interaction using CNN-based deep vision models through transfer learning with spectral images. 
3. The results show that the proposed approach is an important step towards infant vocalization classification, mainly when vocalization instances are insufficient to use a deep neural network efficiently. 
4. We examined five mostly used CNN-based deep vision models: ConvNext, DenseNet , ResNet , and Inception, through transfer learning and trained them to classify target vocalization instances for six different classification tasks. 
5. These classification tasks were categorized into two groups. The first group consists of 3 two-class classification tasks:[Infant sounds (CAN./NON-CAN./LAUGH/CRY) vs. Adult vocalizations (ADS/IDS)],  [Canonical vocalizations vs. Non-canonical vocalizations], and ADS vs. IDS. The second group also consists of 3 multi-class classification tasks: CAN./NON-CAN. vs. ADS/IDS vs. infant non-vocalizations LAUGH/CRY, CAN.vs. NON-CAN.vs.ADS/IDS vs.LAUGH/CRY, CAN. vs. NON-CAN. vs. ADS vs. IDS vs. LAUGH/CRY. 
5. An open-source labelled database \cite[]{pretzer2018infant} of infant and adult vocalization recorded (with LENA vests for 12-hour periods when infants at 3, 6, 9, and 18 months of age) in a home environment for English-speaking families used to create our training and test datasets. 
7. We extracted 1257 vocalization audio chunks from these recordings and labelled them according to the metadata provided with this database. By computing their Mel spectrograms, we converted each vocalization audio chunk into spectral images with two colour mapping, 'jet' and 'Viridis', and used them as input features.
